I look back to Captain Cook till today
making tomato soup adults usually like
to put things along the tomato soup but
today we're gonna put little hard
croutons and this tomato soup is really
yummy and creamy and it just needs if
you love wanna toasty so you're gonna
need some tomatoes and we're using
canned tomatoes right now because it's
early February and usually a frozen
Tomatoes but there's no fresh tomatoes
in the stores right now so it's gonna
use eight cups organic chicken stock
we're just gonna put the whole so that
was four cups of chicken stock take half
of an onion and you cut off the end and
then you couldn't happen and filled all
the skin off so that way we don't have
to fish out all the little tiny clothes
you may make a little face okay that's
my little guy
and then you're just gonna put this in
so you're gonna bring it sticky to
medium high and you're gonna let it boil
remembering it down to low and let it
simmer so in some time for about 20
minutes so we're gonna kick up the onion
and the clothes and if some of your
clothes fall out then that's okay you
just go find them or some of the rings
of your onions if you can get it out
they're so slippery well
so next you're gonna take this or you if
you know if you don't have this then you
can use a blender and take it out in
scoops or ladles and blend it in then
put it back in but we're going to use
this handy dandy little tool stick it in
you just turn it on low so the next step
is to make the root and it's a French
word just like falsely but it's spelled
ro UX I don't know why cuz it sounds
like ropes or something but it's
basically just flour and butter so
you're going to need to melt your butter
and we're gonna do it in this pan Wow
your pot sorry well that and if you put
it in when the butter is melted and it
you haven't cooked kind of cook the
flour for a little bit it'll have a raw
taste so it's four tablespoons of butter
and then you're gonna add four
tablespoons
like I said you really have to cook it
because you don't want that wrong in
your soup so now you're gonna take let
me do one little fluid at a time it's
gonna kind of turn into like toothpaste
a little cuz if you just pour all of it
in then you won't then you'll just get
clumps which is it good
like this guy
so once you have about half of the
mixture in you can have here a pair it's
healthy pour it back in there but it
went from like a tomato toothpaste or
foam to tomato soup again my mom for
today and now we're gonna add two
teaspoons of sugar anybody can just add
some salt so if you're sure if your
tomatoes are ripe in the season then you
don't need to add as much sugar or any
sugar at all remember to make the futons
then you have your bread and then the
hard cookie cutter and you can use cubes
or circles or anything you think is cute
but since it's Valentine's Day we're
gonna use our you're gonna take your
piece of bread and we're going to try to
fit four in here
so you're gonna take your brush and just
take a - a little bit of olive oil and
just cut up the hearts and we cut up the
extras then we brush them all with olive
oil and we screw it in free right cuz it
it's been it bakes really crisp and the
other one also gives it make a nice
crispy coating so golden toast you're
just gonna sprinkle some salt we're
gonna take and we preheat the oven to
350 degrees and you're just gonna bake
them
you want to be careful because you can
hit your arm like this so the great ones
are done and now we're going to take
them out and see if they're old move
around they should
yep I won't eat one right now I'll burn
myself so you see how he got the
croutons in it we kind of made them
little tilted so that it looks cute you
can do one or as many as you want or you
might outline the bowl that would be
cute then put one in the middle you can
really decorate it any way you want with
the little heart croutons so I have a
taste tester let's see he's going to
come in and she's in her pajamas she's
usually in her pajamas or naked but
today Janice
it's kind of heard of cuckoo they both
don't have any teeth
we've lost my theory in the last once it
seems like this is a really healthy dish